applications: asset_tracker_v2: update default active wait time (#11478)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Updated:

>   * Updated default value of Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DATA_ACTIVE_TIMEOUT_SECONDS` to 300 seconds.
> 
>   * Enabled link time optimization to reduce the flash size of the application.

Reviewer: Removed updated since we have "Updated" as section heading.
```suggestion
  * Default value of the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DATA_ACTIVE_TIMEOUT_SECONDS` is changed to 300 seconds.
  * Enabled link time optimization to reduce the flash size of the application.
```

Author: Done
